feat: add license controller + process termination support (#239)
cognitedata/dotnet-simulator-utils: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## Release v1.0.0-beta-014 (2025-02-20)

### Features

> * Fix bug where invalid config file lead to connector running in a loop displaying connection error
> * Introduce support for license tracking and holding.
> * Introduce support for Process termination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed bug where invalid config file led to connector running in a loop displaying connection error
* Introduced support for license tracking and holding.
* Introduced support for Process termination.
```
minor

Reviewer: mention that `TerminateProcess` config was removed
